# WRIT 320 Week 1
**TECHNICAL WRITING**  

After reading this weeks assigned works, I have learned many new things about technical writing. I used to assume technical writing only dealt with software and online processing technology. Now, I have learned that that is far from the case. Technical writing includes all documentation of reports, executive summary statements and much more. I have learned that the balance of technical writing is crucial to determining how successful your writing is. It is not just writing how to work a certain piece of technology, but includes visuals different ideas, and really focusing on the audience you are writing for. Really focusing on how your audience will be able to access the information you provide is essential. In the business world, it is vital that you use your time wisely when presenting information. This past semester, I worked on different formal reports and memos that were aimed towards a large company. Although length was necessary, my partner and I learned that simplifying the information to only what was necessary allowed our work to be easily understandable yet accessible.  For my personal definition, technical writing encompasses *everything* from documentation to complex technical processing that comes in many forms that are easily understandable and accessible. Technical writing is not specific to one type of field, but can be accessed through many different platforms. In my opinion, technical writing is very versatile and I cannot wait to really get to know more about this specific type of writing. 

[Here is an example link](http://courses.lumenlearning.com/olemiss-technicalwriting/)
