# WRIT 320 Week 4
As this project is aimed at educating all nurses on workplace discrimination, I want it to be as accessible and understandable as possible. For this proposal, my audience will be all nurses in the healthcare community. Depending on the amount of time spent in school decides what kind of nurse they are. This proposal will be aimed at each and every one of them, no matter their ranking or education. Nurses work in complex environments. Not only are they responding to their own management structure, but they also have different leadership roles depending on their clinical setting. This allows each nurse to provide the best care for their patients. There are different nurse supervisors every shift that rotate daily, then a chief nurse officer (CNO) that are in charge of crucial decisions and making sure things run smoothly. Not only do these nurses work in different environments, but they are a crucial part of the healthcare community. They carry out an ongoing assessment of the patient's health and response to plan care, provide mental and physical health support, and help families feel safer and more secure. Despite this, nurses face a huge amount of workplace discrimination on a daily basis. There is racial discrimination by the patients, as some will refuse treatment from nurses because of their race. Over the years, nurses have reported different cases where they did not receive a raise because of their race, along with their co-workers being the culprits in racism issues. Male nurses face gender discrimination. They are often generally not welcomed that is fueled by the idea that the nursing profession is exclusively for females. Another way nurses face discrimination is about different disabilities that happen during their shift. Many nurses acquire a head collision or hearing deficits from patients and their taxing work schedule. Because of these problems and many more, nurses everywhere should be aware of their rights.  They need to know who to contact and what the problems they should be aware of. Between fiscal years 2010 and 2017, more than one million workplace discrimination cases were filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), along with state and local partner agencies. This proposal will educate nurses, providing them with all of the information necessary to report any type of workplace discrimination they witness or experience in the workplace. 
